# Email Database w/ Announcements

<h2>Description</h2>
<p>This Python program uses the EZGmail API to allow for a user to send an email "announcement" to multiple other emails inside of a database. The Tkinter library was utilized to provide a simple GUI for users to input, delete, and print the current emails inside of the database, as well as send a group email to the whole database.</p>
<p>The database works by storing the emails inside of a text file, where each line has a first name, last name, and their email. When the progam is run, it reads from the text file and stores the data into a matrix, where any edits to the emails are first done in the matrix, re-sorted, and then written back into the text file.</p>
<p>When the program is run and they log into EZGmail, the user can pick one of four options: Store Email, Delete Email, Print Emails, and Send Group Email. When storing an email, users type in a first name, last name, and associated email, which well then be placed into the database. When searching for a specific email for deletion, users can type in a section of either the first name, last name, or email which will then list the matching emails by number. The user can then type in the number of the email entry they want deleted, which will then delete the entry from the database. Printing the emails will output all of the emails in the database in alphabetical order. Lastly, sending the group email only requires a subject and body to send the email to emails in the database.</p>
